---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
categoryId: other
subCategoryId: FAQ
---

FAQ

## Pricing and Payment method

### Can I upgrade only me, not for all of the members in my space?

We are afraid we are not able to upgrade only one user. We developed Repsona service to make collaboration go smoothly amang team members and our paid plans are also built based on the purpose. In order to use advanced features of paid plans, you need to upgrade your space.

### What payment methods are accepted?

There is only one payment method: Credit Card.

### How can I use repsona credit point?

If you have Repsona credit points, the points will be used as fee. We will not start charging to your credit card until running out of your repsona credit points. Your repsona credit points will be never expired, if you make a contract with us during the expiration date of your repsona credit points.  


### I would like to invite a new menber to space. How will you charge for the new member?

The fee for new member based on the days remaining in the current billing period will be charged on your credit card in addition to your regular payments.

Let's say, if a new member is added on the 10th day of billing period and there are 20 days left until the next billing period,under the following conditions
 Your contract : Standard Plan
 Fee per members : $7.5 per month per active user

Daily fee of the new member will be "$7.5 divided by 30 days" and the total cost of the new member will be $5 as 20 times of daily fee. It will be charged on the registered credit card for the space which the new member is added.    


### I would like to use space as free plan. How can I cancel? Can I receive a refund?

Only an owner of space can change the contract of it. If the owner downgrade from paid plan to free plan, it will automatically change to free plan on the next renewal date of the contract. Your contract will be valid until the end of period which you have already paid. We do not provide refunds of any fees already paid.

### What is activity log and its retention period?

Retention period of activity logs is for messages about acitivities such as "A new task was created" or "Commented on you task". As the retention period is not for Tasks and Notes, Tasks and Notes will not be deleted after the retention period of activity log.

